c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\BecomeTheWriter.dll.config
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\BecomeTheWriter.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\BecomeTheWriter.pdb
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\obj\Debug\BecomeTheWriter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\obj\Debug\BecomeTheWriter.dll
c:\users\pavel_lvou@epam.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\obj\Debug\BecomeTheWriter.pdb
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\BecomeTheWriter.dll.config
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\BecomeTheWriter.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\BecomeTheWriter.pdb
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\obj\Debug\BecomeTheWriter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\obj\Debug\BecomeTheWriter.dll
e:\projectPrivate\BecomeTheWriter\BecomeTheWriter\obj\Debug\BecomeTheWriter.pdb
